Pods/Target Support Files/Pods-TechTalksPrimer/Pods-TechTalksPrimer-acknowledgements.markdown, before:

# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## AWSCognitoIdentityProvider

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCognitoIdentityProviderASF

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCore

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSDynamoDB

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSIoT

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## Alamofire

Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Alamofire Software Foundation (http://alamofire.org/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


## SwifterSwift

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2015-2018 SwifterSwift (https://github.com/swifterswift)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Generated by CocoaPods - https://cocoapods.org

Commit message:

adding alert dialog to the project

Pods/Target Support Files/Pods-TechTalksPrimer/Pods-TechTalksPrimer-acknowledgements.markdown, after:

# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## AWSCognitoIdentityProvider

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCognitoIdentityProviderASF

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCore

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSDynamoDB

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSIoT

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## Alamofire

Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Alamofire Software Foundation (http://alamofire.org/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


## SCLAlertView

Copyright (c) 2013-2014 SCPopUpView by Viktor Radchenko

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


## SwifterSwift

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2015-2018 SwifterSwift (https://github.com/swifterswift)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Generated by CocoaPods - https://cocoapods.org
